Spell out how to get reply link to activate (#3504)
mattermost/docs: source/help/messaging/sending-messages.rst

Replying to Messages
---------------------

> Click the reply link (arrow icon when hovered over message) next to any message. This keeps conversations organized in threads. Replies are indented slightly in the center pane to indicate that they are child messages of a parent message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the reply link (arrow icon that appears when hovering over a message) next to any message. This keeps conversations organized in threads. Replies are indented slightly in the center pane to indicate that they are child messages of a parent message.
```
